Adding the errorTypes to order cancellation errors (#459)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

If the AGV receives a `cancelOrder` action but the AGV is currently idle, or the previous order was canceled, or the `orderId` specified in the action does not match the `orderId` of the AGV’s currently active order, the `cancelOrder` action shall be reported as 'FAILED'.

> The AGV shall report an error of `errorType` "NO_ORDER_TO_CANCEL" with the `errorLevel` set to 'WARNING'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AGV shall report an error of type "NO_ORDER_TO_CANCEL" with the level set to 'WARNING'.
```
